.TH FINDD 1 "December 20, 2012" "version 1.0"

.SH NAME

findd -- Duplicates searching tool

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B This application is made for find duplicates on hard drive(s). Amazing M1 IMMT projet, isn't it ? 	

.SH HOW USE THE APPLICATION

.B Findd allows to find duplicate files in a specified folder. For doing there are two phases : 

.B The first one consisted in indexing file from the folder specified by the user. The result could be saved.

.B The second one consisted in find duplicates from the past operation results, or from a scan backup.


.B Three ways to use the application :

.B Make a scan and directly find duplicates (without saving)

.B ./findd <option recursive> FOLDER_NAME <options about filter>  

.B Make a scan and save the result into a file :

.B ./findd <option recursive> FOLDER_NAME <option save a scan>

.B Find duplicates from a previous saved scan

.B ./findd <option precised saved scan> <options about filter>	

.SH OPTIONS

.B This application needs some options to work correctly 

.B The options are as follows:
.TP 20
-i PATH 
Get files from previous saved scan (for next applying filter)  

.TP 20
--out-scan=PATH
Output scan into a file in order to use the -i option the next time you apply a duplicates searching on the PATH directory.

.TP 20
-r --recursive
Make a recursive scan, and "visit" underlying directories 

.TP 20
-N --compare-name
Filter parameter : if you decide yo define a duplicate as a couple of file which have the same name. Could be joined with compare-size and compare-content options

.TP 20
-S --compare-size
Filter parameter : if you decide yo define a duplicate as a couple of file which have the same size. Could be joined with compare-name and compare-content options

.TP 20
-C --compare-content
Filter parameter : if you decide yo define a duplicate as a couple of file which have the same content. Could be joined with compare-size and compare-name options 

.SH AUTHORS

.B Bastien Nohant \<jerome.cornet@etu.univ-poitiers.fr\>

.B Florian Mhun \<florian.mhun@gmail.com\>

.B Sara Ressam \<sara.ressam@gmail.com\>

.B Bastien Nouhant \<bastien.nouhant@gmail.com\>
